Master, what is this?
Humph
The Ye family head is really prosperous
This is the ninth-grade Huanyang Dan
It has the effect of bringing back the dead to life
And his collection value is also very high.
Even if the auction is more than ten billion
That's fine.
What's so precious?
Yeah, the last time I saw this
At the auction of the Treasure Pavilion 10 years ago
At that time, he was auctioned by the Earth Cloud Group
I didn't expect it.
The old man is fortunate to be able to watch it up close today
Ouch.
Wait, you can't miss this thing.
Qin Shao, what do you mean?
Do you want to take it for yourself?
I wouldn't dare to.
Didn't Master Wang say it all just now?
He is the treasure of the Earth Cloud Group
This is the only thing in the world
Then why is it in your hands?
So I concluded
This ninth-grade Huayangdan
He stole it.
Haha, do you have any evidence?
Qin Shao
I can vouch for Mr. Shen that he didn't steal anything.
I have a brother
He is the Takazawa of the Earth Cloud Group
You can tell if this thing is real or fake